---
draft: true
---
- Question, how to make tangible experiences for VR

- Design motif: Pitching up a tent or living room blanket fort or treehouse building
	- When would this be applicable??? 

ACE - LOBBY CAFE: 
- Shapes resembling trapezoidal arches, , with some flow and hinge elements, 
	- Pros: increased structural integrity with curved supports 
	- Materials made out of concrete and wood, but not overly polished, with some fake in purities. 
- Poles that resemble tent poles, pitching the building up 
- Internal aesthetic, cozy living room with lots of windows, natural greenery and plants everywhere... fake? interesting geometric lighting and furniture. 
	- wooden and leather furniture, utilizing natural materials. 
- lounge area feels like it's being suspended within the building with balcony sheltering underground restaurant 
- Outside View includes children's park that acts almost like a courtyard to surrounding residential buildings. 
- Bass strong, slow vibey beats
- fashionable patreons... prolly just rich... but also both. 
- Location melts into the surrounding neighborhood

How to simulate this environment in a tangible virtual experience? 
- Feel of the couch material... how is this translatable/coded? 
- tbh priorities visuals 
- How can this be translated into a apple vision pro experience? 
- Passthrough enviornment... 
- IDEA: 
	- take a photo of your work station 
	- feed it into a chatgpt model 
	- creates a workplace that goes over your surrounding environment with a prompt