------------
draft: true
---------------
I am \stuck in an apathetic rage that is not directed at anything particular. I can't say I'm mad at my friends because I'm not. I simply feel so outside, that I don't see any hope of coming back in. I hate everything around me, myself, my roomates, my room, my friends, the weather. the feeling in my stomach. the search for attention. 

I hate my constant and unbridled search and perpetual begging of attention. I hate that my one role in a friend group seems to be the approachable one but by the end of the friendship, I become the obsolete one. It happened with all the toxic ass motherfuckers i brought into my friend groups who everyone ended hating anyways. I miss my highschool friendgroup, but also not really. they're all growing. All of them. I think i grew too but backwards. Or not backwards but differently. Anyways. Fuck them. Fuck me. kill myself. 

I'm stuck in a cave withtin myself and It feels hollow. I feel the world around me but I have a solidified core that is shrinking with pressure. There are some people that I genuinely trust and enjoy being around. My girls, sarah and Amaya, simi, and junsoo. I love vivien, I do, but the click isn't as strong as it used to be. I feel suddenly my connection with them has fadded because the creation of our friendship was on the basis of a act that makes me feel like shit. I think my crush on Athithiya backfired because I sense a similar distance. I don't think I'm going to have these people as my forever friends. I don't know. I think with Sarah it felt almost instant. That connection that, even if I don't talk to her for a while, I'll be there for her and she'll be there for me. There was never a doubt. Amaya, I just knew I wanted her in my life. I thought she might not like me much at first, but as time has passed, she is not only my role model but someone I would fucking die for. I love her to death, and I will break my back for these girls. Simi, I don't even know what to say. I think she is the one person that I genuinely has surpassed into the family zone, which is kind of scary with my history of how I treat my family. Like, I really value and treasure her and want her to be ok, and I imagine it's what my relationship with a sister who is into parting and the stuff simi is. 

At the end of the day. I don't know who I am. 

I know that I will be doing a research co-op for summer, and I know I will try my fucking hardest to get this prototype out. And I know I will have to think of some study to do for it. I know this potential scam job I'm having will not work out, and even if it does, I don't think I'll realistically be able to put in the amount of effort that I would actually need for it. But worst case I get a macbook. I know I'm going to try for Meta in the Winter Term and bother the fuck out of Ashish dada and Prajowl uncle and prasanna uncle. 

But that's all i am right now. My work. And my work isn't even good. So what should I do with that. What even am i. Am I funny? What do people see in me that makes them want to be around me? Why is it 12;35 and I can't be bothered to care about school or learning, or life and I lowkey want a reason to die so i don't have to deal with it, or fuck myself to sleep, just to nutt and  realized that I want to kill myself and I feel disgusted. What if the solutions to my problems manifest in a dick that I'll prolly never have because I cannot be attracted to a boy right now. But what if i could, and what if i'm not actually gay, and I've been doing it as an attention thing because I'm friends with queer people, and I don't know if people think i'm gay anymore. what if i killed myself. Who would even care. My mom would cry. She would be really broken. She might kill herself, because I know I'm her last hope. She can't connect with my siblings and my dad, and she's kinda stuck and doesn't have enough close friends. But what if i killed myself. What if i hanged myself from the celling. Would I be ok with what' I've done so far? My sister would be sad, but she's emotionally detached herself from me mostly, which I'm partially glad with, I've never known how to deal with her. I don't think I would be the reason she killed herself, but it would definitely be the social isolation. My dad sometimes I feel like is either on the verge of killing himself or waiting for us to. I think sometimes he's waiting for his family duty to go away and then he can live his life again. I think he loves us because he loves us, but I know he was not built for the family life and it really burdens him. I think my brother would never fully process if I died. I think, he would be really confused and sad and mad. And I think he would hate me for a bit, but then grow up. I don't know how, but I have a feeling he's going to be ok. I don't think he would kill himself. 

I think simi would be mad, sad, and honestly with the grief she's had, I think it would be bad, but she would move on. She would remember me as that friend she could call up and I would listen or at the very least make sure she got home safe. She would remember me as the girl who almost felt like family. I forgot she doesn't have sisters. I hope I was a sister to her. I hope I was a good one. I don't know if I was a good sister to Aastha. I mostly feel like a parent. Which is insane because I'm a year older. Who's idea was it to give me an ego so big I thought I was exponentially smarter than a kid a year younger than me? 

What If i killed myself. How would I even do it? I can't cut myself, I can barely run. I hate the cold. I hate suffocation. maybe with a gun? but i can't get a gun. Why am I doing this, is this for attention? What do I get by writing this? Does it help me find myself and understand myself. What if I gave this to a professional. If I do give this to a professional, I should specify, I don't think I'm going to kill myself. i don't think I'm explicitly or actively suicidal. quite frankly if i was in a death situation, I would panic myself back alive and then wish i died without actually doing it. I'm all bark no bite right now. But i do think i have some problems and I need help. I'm going to send this to a professional in the morning. I need anxiety meds or smth. Cause, alch isn't helping and the scratch ticket didn't do much either. 