---
draft: true
---
I am gorgeous. I am kind. and I am fucking procrastinating. AHHHHHHHHH. 

Today I saw ribbit at the train. I wonder if he knows about the random pining, which quite frankly was a joke. I don't know the guy, but it was funny to joke about him with my friends who equally don't know him. I think i might have nodded, or smth. whateverwhateverwhatever. I'm going to study for one hour, then I'm going to go home. Then I'm going to go to the fucking gym, and then I'm going to go out and study a shit ton more. I am soooooooooooooo fuckinging annoyed fuck meeeee. I hate school bro, but i love it sometimes 

right now though... i'm just stuck feeling in love with nothing in particular. I love one day, but getting over it a bit. I hate that I have to exhaust the things i love until i feel almost in different to them. whatever, i'm in love rn and i want to quit engineering and just become a writer, and travel to europe, and not have a phone, but send all my friends letters, and hold a contact book that has the contacts of all my friends. I'm so ready, and excited for this. Maybe I will do it after this year. YAYAY. 

If one more person asks me what i'm going to do for my career, I'm going to actually jump off floor 6 of e7. i swear to fucking god. ok love ya aava's endless stream of conscious. <3




AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. 
KMS FR. 